Update Docs for App-Specific Passwords (#33510)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/icloud.markdown

{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

{% warning %}

> You may receive recurring emails and notifications from Apple stating that someone has logged into your account if the integration is improperly configured.

Reviewer: This doesn't help, as it tells the user they did something wrong without providing a solution.

Author: Looking to see if I can figure out a method to update the credentials to App-specific Password for the Integration without removing and readding the Integration.

Reviewer 2: Worst case scenario, could we wait for the current auth period to expire?

Author: I've updated this in 564a43c. Let me know if you'd like the wording changed/improved.

## Two Factor Authentication

> By default, all users should use [App-Specific Passwords](https://support.apple.com/102654) to prevent recurring MFA prompts. If using the Account Password, and if two-step authentication is enabled for your iCloud account, some time after Home Assistant startup the integration will ask you to enter the verification code you receive on your device via a notification in the Home Assistant UI. The duration of this authentication is determined by Apple, so you will need to verify your account periodically.

Reviewer: I think we can just write is short and simple like this:

```suggestion
{% important %}
You need to use should use a [app-specific passwords](https://support.apple.com/102654) for setting up this integration.
{% endimportant %}
```

## Two Factor Authentication

{% important %}

> You need to use should use a [app-specific passwords](https://support.apple.com/102654) for setting up this integration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You need to use should use a [app-specific passwords](https://support.apple.com/102654) to set up this integration.
```
Simplify the English.
